Add schema rollback versions to documentation (#16661)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/upgrade.md

    dpkg -i matrix-synapse-py3_1.3.0+stretch1_amd64.deb
    ```

> Generally Synapse database schemas are compatiblea cross the following versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally Synapse database schemas are compatible across the following versions.
```

The left column is the latest Synapse version which can be rolled back to the right
column. E.g. Synapse versions v1.13.0 through v1.44.0 can be rolled back safely to

> v1.13.0.

Author: I'm unsure if this description is clear or if the left-column should maybe be a range of versions?

Reviewer: I would say a range, but it doesn't have to be perfect right now

    dpkg -i matrix-synapse-py3_1.3.0+stretch1_amd64.deb
    ```

Generally Synapse database schemas are compatible across multiple versions, once
a version of Synapse is deployed you may not be able to rollback automatically.
The following table gives the version ranges and the earliest version they can
be rolled back to. E.g. Synapse versions v1.58.0 through v1.61.1 can be rolled
back safely to v1.57.0, but starting with v1.62.0 it is only safe to rollback to
v1.61.0.

> <!-- REPLACE_WITH_SCHEMA_VERSIONS -->

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should also add at the top a handy "The current version, **v1.96.1**, is compatible with **v1.90.0**` (or something) for ease of use?

Author: I think with the smaller chart this isn't necessary, it is only ~15 lines long.
